Changelog Aug 15 2024 (#335)
CloudCannon/platform-documentation: changelogs/2024-08-15_enable-mandatory-sso-or-mfa-for-enterprise-plans.mdx

---
_schema: default
title: Enable mandatory SSO or MFA for Enterprise Plans
---

> This release added the option to enable mandatory SSO or MFA on Enterprise Plans and Annual payment for Lite Plans. It also updated Markdown configuration options, the Hugo and Node versions, and build image settings.

Reviewer: > This release added the option to enable mandatory SSO or MFA on Enterprise Plans and Annual payment for Lite Plans.

Potentially some syntactic ambiguity here - can we enable enforced SSO on Lite plans?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release added the option for Annual payment for Lite Plans and and option to enable mandatory SSO or MFA on Enterprise Plans and . It also updated Markdown configuration options, the Hugo and Node versions, and build image settings.
```

This release addressed several issues, including those affecting Permission Groups, Select inputs, Markdown formatting, tables in the Content Editor, and 500 errors from misconfigured SAML.

## Features & Improvements

* Added support for mandatory SSO or Multifactor Authentication on Enterprise Plans.
* Added an Annual payment option for Lite Plans.

> * Added options for configuring the way CloudCannon reads and saves Markdown. Read more about these options <a href="https://savvy-panther.cloudvent.net/documentation/articles/configure-your-markdown-engine" target="_blank" rel="noopener">here</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added options for configuring the way CloudCannon reads and saves Markdown. Read more about these options <a href="https://cloudcannon.com/documentation/articles/configure-your-markdown-engine" target="_blank" rel="noopener">here</a>.
```

* Added <a href="https://playwright.dev/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">playwright</a> support to the build image.

> * The build image now has the previous hugo version (0.122.0) preinstalled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The build image now has Hugo v0.122.0 preinstalled
```

* CloudCannon now prevents default node packages from installing after switching to a custom node version via a .nvmrc file.
* Updated the default Hugo version to 0.128.1.
* Removed support for Node 10 and 12.

## Fixes

* Fixed an issue where misconfigured SAML would cause a 500 error.
* Fixed an issue where you could not remove a user from a Permission Group if they had not accepted the invitation to your Organization.

> * Fixed an issue requiring you to add the asset source for branched Sites manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue requiring you to reconfigure the main source DAM for branched Sites manually.
```
